Grading Scale
The final grade will be computed using a weighted average according to the table above and the weighting below.

In general, assignments are not graded such that each piece is worth some fixed amount of credit. If 40% of the program is non-functional, that generally indicates that there is some important concept that has been missed. If that is the case, then the grade will be a 0 but you can resubmit it for up to a 70%, but it needs to be all functional.

Maximizing Credit
You should treat me as a client. I will give you a set of requirements. Requirements can be interpreted differently, this is unavoidable. You have to meet my interpretation of the requirements to get an A. If you have any doubt about what a requirement means, you should ask me to clarify.

Grade Weighting
Activities/Exercise - 25%
Homework Assignments - 50%
Project - 10%
Final Exam - 15%
Accommodations
"Accommodations are collaborative efforts between students, faculty and Disability Access Services (DAS). Students with accommodations approved by DAS are responsible for contacting the faculty member in charge of the course prior to or during the first week of the term to discuss accommodations. Students who believe they are eligible for accommodations but who have not yet obtained approval through DAS should contact DAS immediately at 541-737-4098."

Students with documented disabilities who may need accommodations, who have any emergency medical information the instructor should be aware of, or who need special arrangements in the event of an evacuation, should make an appointment with the instructor as early as possible, and no later than the first week of the term. Class materials will be made available in an accessible format upon request.

If you have a really tough situation that might affect your progress a lot (illness, job duties, family emergency...), you should contact the instructor immediately.  Don't wait until the due date or even past the due date to explain your personal situations and ask for extensions.  If you are not sure whether to ask for it, better do it.

Late Policy
Requests for extensions are considered on a case by case basis. Non-emergency requests must be submitted via email at least 72 hours before the due time. (Not having enough time to get the assignment done does not, by itself constitute an emergency, sorry!). If you don't know if you will need an extension but might, you should ask for one.

Time elapsed past due date	Maximum Point Percentage Possible (if no extension is granted)
T < 24 hours	90
T < 48 hours	80
T < 1 week	70
Bonus Day
From this term, we add 3 bonus days that you can apply to any activities or assignments (except the final assignment).  You can use it all at once for one assignment (if you are late for 3 days), or split it and use one day each for three assignments  (no "half" day).

How to apply the bonus day: leave a comment on Canvas under that assignment submission, saying that you would like to apply x bonus days for this late submission, and you have y bonus days left after that.  When TAs are applying the late penalty, they will look at your submission time and your comments.  If you don't leave a comment there, TAs will directly apply the late penalty.

Extra Credit
There is extra credit in some of the assignments.  Try to get them when possible.  At the end of the term,  I will give extra credit (0.5 to 2 maximum points) to those who are active on Piazza answering questions and sharing notes with others.

Code Sharing
You will not get in trouble for sharing code with your classmates in order to solve problems. The communication guide actually mandates that you share portions of your code if you want to ask a good question. If you are worried that you are posting too much code, mark it private and ask the instructor to review it. Note that this is a more permissive policy than the standard policy for the program (Links to an external site.)Links to an external site..

You will get a great deal of trouble if you copy code without citing it. See the policy on plagiarism (Links to an external site.)Links to an external site.. Code from lectures is not your own, code from StackOverflow is not your own, code from the Mozilla documentation is not your own. If it is not your code,  you must cite it. If you cite it, you must provide documentation in very great detail of what it is doing so that I know you understand the code you are using.
